README.md, before:

# microsoft/homebrew-git

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).

Resources:

- [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/)
- [Microsoft Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/)
- Contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with questions or concerns

Commit message:

readme: update README.md file
Update the README.md file to talk about the Tap and how to 'tap' it in
Homebrew.

README.md, after:

# microsoft/homebrew-git

The Homebrew Tap containing Microsoft's Git ecosystem products.

## Tapping the repository

Simply run the following command to tap this repository:

```bash
brew tap microsoft/git
```

## Available packages

The following packages are available in this Tap:

### Formulae

Install with `brew install <formula>`

- _none_

### Casks

Install with `brew cask install <cask>`

- _none_

Please report any product bugs and issues in their respective projects.

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).

Resources:

- [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/)
- [Microsoft Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/)
- Contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with questions or concerns
